Add Dev env setup without docker (#142)
ChaelCodes/ConfBuddies: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing
Feel free to contribute PRs, Issues, Documentation, or in any other way to this repo. We welcome new ideas, implementation suggestions, and feedback!

> # Dev Environment Setup (Not using Docker)
> Prerequisites - 'ruby-3.0.1' and 'postgresql' for database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dev Environment Setup (Local)
Prerequisites - 'ruby-3.2.2' and 'postgresql' for database
```

1) Fork the repository and clone it on your local.
2) Run command 'bundle install' to install the gems.
3) Make sure to update the database.yml file with the correct user name and password.
4) Run 'rails db:create' to create the database.
5) Run the migrations using 'rails db:migrate'
6) Run 'rails server' to get the server up and running.

> # Dev Environment Setup (Usig Docker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dev Environment Setup (Using Docker)
```
